- your boys Shaka 360 and but the wing
wing' offset week the glitchyness
formation have a triple option and then
you have the the passing you could do
here and you guys can see we could
handle up to the runs the past and has a
lot of wheel ruts and as you guys can
see Cobras are gonna be really affected
because you could throw them past
position to the inside and get them wide
open there for a nice catch so I think
this is what the game is gonna be all
about this year a lot of option play
especially because last year
rg3 and of course colin kaepernick
exposed them to the NFL really well last
year so definitely this year is the year
the option so I remember last year
didn't see the way the option wasn't
really that effective but this year I
think is gonna be awesome and if you
make your reads correctly you could keep
your opponent guessing all day so as you
guys can see here this is a play-action
read option and the motion look at this
as soon as I'm gonna get tackled I go
ahead and throw it to my pitchman going
to the outside right here so there's two
things I gotta read the defensive end
and the safety safety comes down I'm
gonna go ahead and pitch it out
safety stays with a pitchman you keep it
and then definitely definitely the
defensive end goes to the running back
then you keep it or you stay standing up
you're gonna hand it off to the running
back so there's a lot of things you
could do it just get used to those reads
and you guys can see here this is the
play-action pass out of the same
formation and right here we ran out of
time so I'm gonna show you how I use
this play right here on the demo
affected I just can't wait right now
can't wait for the actual game to come
out so we can go ahead and start playing
people and destroying people and start
creating scheme and that's what I love
creating schemes on offerings defense
and just making it happen and just
looking at this man this playbook just
make me feel like it's gonna be an
awesome game just a lot of trickery
games here and there you blitz me I'm
just gonna throw the option the opposite
side just throw a pass everything is
just gonna be awesome right here so here
we go this is actually remember the wing
offset week so make sure you try it out
go try it out right now let me know if
it work for you you having problems with
it look at this this is a pair
and this is the jet suite you have
problems with this offense let me know
put it here in the comment section and
I'll be more than glad to help you out
look at this I'm gonna go ahead and do
it one more time this time we're gonna
go ahead and keep it with the
quarterback this is a wide receiver
option looks the same and look at this
right here all day never have a faster
quarterback I'll be gone every single
time as you guys can see so remember
post a comment on the video like it
subscribe I'll be bringing more tips let
me know if it worked for you if you
didn't are you running something else
let me know until I lose your boy Shaka
to taste it from my nostril calm